If I save this, okay,
I don't have any errors.
I have a couple of warnings that we can
solve later, but I don't have any errors.
So if I go to the browser and refresh,
I'm still seeing 404, why,
does anyone know why?
So it's /API, /movies, /Top.
And if I go to my main.go,
it's exactly that URL,
that path that I'm handling, but
it's not working, does anyone know why?
>> Student: Restarted it?
>> Maximiliano Firtman: I
need to restart the server.
So now is the time that we realize
that keeping the server open and
running manually is not really helpful,
because we will start
complaining every time that we try
to refresh and it's not working.
And that's because we didn't
actually restart the server.
So I can do it manually,
but maybe it's time now to
install one of the tools that
will help us with this, okay?
So if you go to README,
you have the link to go
directly to that part.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: It's a five,
I think, yep, a five.
We have the link to github to air and
it says,
Live reload for Go apps,
that's exactly what we need.
So this is a tool that
you need to install.
It's a command line tool that you need
to install in your operating system.
So it's not actually
a dependency of my project.
It's a tool that we need to add
to the command line interface.
In modern Go, there are many ways
that you can install this, but
in modern Go, you can directly from go
1.23, so you need that version at least.
You can use go Install,
directly from the common line.
If you have a previous version of Go, you
need to find another way to install these
tools that depends on
your operating system,
so you can follow the instructions there.
But if you are, I'm in 1.24, so
of course it's greater than 1.23.
So I can go here, open my terminal Ctrl C,
[INAUDIBLE] stop the server and
I can install this tool.
If it works, it will download the tool,
and it will put the tool
in a binaries folder inside go
that should be in your path.
If everything works, you can now
type air and something will happen.
You will see the AIR tool that is
saying by default, it's watching.
Also, it's watching assets, hundreds,
so it's watching all my folders.
So what's the deal?
If I make any change in
any of my Go files, for
example here, and now I changed this and
another forward slash.
If I save, you can see it recognized
that main.go has changed and
it's building and running again.
So automatically now I can go
to the browser, refresh and
I will get the final version, okay?
Does it make any sense?
So now we won't run our
project using GoRun.
We will run our project using air.
Do you have any question on air, on using
air as your tool to run your server?
We're still not done with air, why?
Remember we have an HTML here,
so if I go and
open localhost 8080,
>> Maximiliano Firtman: It says,
Hello from Go.
So now, If I'm going to that HTML,
remember it's in public,
index.html, and I change this,
Hello from Go using Air.
If I save the file,
the problem is that it recognizes that
index.html has changed, and
it's also recompiling Go.
And it doesn't make any sense.
It is not the big problem, but
now every time we make a change in HTML,
CSS, or JavaScript, so in the frontend,
it's also recompiling the backend
which is not what I need.
Because I'm not changing the backend,
okay, does that make sense?
So we need to do something else, and
we need to set up air to
just look into go files.
Those are the only files
that I care about, okay?
Does it make sense?
So, to solve that problem, in the README
file, you already have the solution.
We need to create a file .air, .toml, so
I need to create a new file
in the root of my project.
So in the root I will create a file,
.air, .toml, and
you already have here the configuration
file that we can copy and paste.
And if you look at it, what it says is
that it will include the extension go.
So it's only watching go files, and
also I can exclude directories,
and if you want, you can say public here.
So you can add all the files that
you actually don't care about.
So you know that I don't
have their go files, so
even if I have a go file there,
I don't wanna look at it.
So now, if you restart air.
So if I restart air,
now it's watching only for go files.
Okay, because I do have
that file in the root.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Again, in this
case, we are having better performance,
because if not, you change the HTML and
we will start working with the frontend
in probably a couple of minutes,
or maybe one hour.
And when we do that,
every time we make a change in JavaScript,
I don't want the server to restart,
and if I do that, I will need to wait
like two three seconds before reloading
the client, which makes no sense.
Okay, make sense?
So now we have air installed,
we can try and see if we have our API.
So if I go to local host
8080 api/movie/Top,
I can see my dummy data, dummy movies.